c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\obj\Debug\LayoutTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\LayoutTest.dll.config
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\LayoutTest.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\LayoutTest.pdb
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\obj\Debug\LayoutTest.dll
c:\users\bogdan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\obj\Debug\LayoutTest.pdb
C:\Users\Bogdan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Bogdan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LayoutTest\LayoutTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
